	When I first entered this class, I did so as a part of my gen ed requirements and was expecting it to be like all the others I have taken; that is, boring, tedious,
  and monotonous as well as the material making me annoyed. I am pleasantly able to say this was not the case. This class was a unique learning experience for me. I had 
  moments when I did get frustrated, but they were the result of me making mistakes with the code I wrote, not with your lessons. The self-guided experience I feel was 
  very beneficial because it reduced the amount of stress I experienced; I never felt like I was behind just not getting it. I only thought to myself that I needed more 
  time on this section and was able to because whenever I did feel confident on something I could move along. I also enjoyed how involved and helpful you were whenever I
  asked for help or guidance; most of the gen ed classes I have completed have had teachers which were unavailable to get help from or made me feel dumb. You never gave 
  off such vibes but rather a caring and true desire to help. It was a pleasurable experience and wish I had you for several of my other gen ed classes. When I first entered 
  the class, I didn't really have any goals besides to pass. My view on school and gen ed classes is one of distain, I just want to get them done and get away from school 
  because of what I have been brought up to believe and the feelings I have towards school because of mental health problems. Within the first three weeks however, I decided
  to change my goal from just passing to one of actually wanting to learn because of your relaxed and low stress environment. My new goal/mission was to complete the python 
  tutorials on FreeCodeCamp because of how it could benefit me in the future. This was a unique experience because I rarely want to get anything done. As I progressed with
  the python tutorials my goal became to be capable of writing simple programs and be able to understand how a computer sees and reads the code you provide for it. When I 
  completed that goal, I made a new goal of learning the more complex functions of what python could do but encountered issues in doing so. When I first watched the video
  tutorials they made sense but after a few days I would forget about half of what I thought I learned. This required me to then go back and watch the videos again which 
  now sounded very familiar to me. When I watched the videos again, the content made sense again, but I would soon forget once again. Unfortunately, in terms of this goal
  I fell flat and was unable to achieve it. I was able to get the basics down but could not seem to get the complex stuff to sink in. Later in the semester, after completing
  the python tutorials, I came up with the idea to create a website to assist my mom in understanding the metric system. To complete this goal I had to create a mini goal of
  creating basic Java Script calculators/unit converters. I was successful in both goals. I have gotten the website posted and all the embedded calculators to function 
  correctly. This was an interesting goal for me because it showed me how Javascript and Python have things in common with each other. The basic inputs are similar but 
  how the computer reads/interprets the code differs.	With regards to what I have done for the class I have used several online resources such as FreecodeCamp, Learn Python,
  W^3 Schools, and YouTube to learn coding. I used free codecamp to visualize and to learn the basics for python programming. I was more invested in some parts than others 
  due to their complexity and external situations; sometimes I finished the video and got the answer correct the first time and others I had to try a few times. This was 
  helpful in learning initially but towards the end of the 56 videos it was annoying because any small misunderstanding made me wrong. I had a hard time towards the end but 
  managed to get through them all. LearnPython was used to supplement the videos from FCC and to assist me in creating projects of my own. It provided me with guided learning
  where I was able to type out code and try running it. Inevitably when I did get stuck I was able to see a solution and then compare my attempt to a working one and see where 
  I went wrong. I utilized YouTube in a similar manner; it was used to figure out how to work out errors I was encountering and to review. I utilized multiple videos to review 
  complicated concepts in python such as API Rate Limiting and Security. I also used YouTube as a way to see examples and have the concepts explained in a different way. By 
  looking at the same concept from different perspectives it aided me in learning the material. W^3 Schools helped me extensively with JavaScript unit conversions. The website
  shows a demo code and helped me to work through creating the code utilized in my website project. All things considered I probably spent somewhere between 3 and 8 hours per 
  week working on coding depending on my schedule. I tried to work on it some each day but some days other classes and issues pulled away my attention. 
	 Looking over the class I feel I was successful in the following regards: getting a website working, creating calculators, and learning basic coding. This can be seen through
   my two different websites I have gotten to work (https://derricbayne.github.io/ ( Repository = https://github.com/Derricbayne/der ricbayne.github.io) 
   & https://derricbayne.github.io/Project/index.html ( Repository =https://github.com /Derricbayne/Project) ) I have also gotten several different basic calculators and 
   functions to work correctly in the following repository : https://github.com/Derricbayne/Python-Projects . I have also made functioning unit conversion calculators in 
   the following repository: https://github.com/Derricbayne/Java .
	Despite these accomplishments throughout the semester, I have failed my goal of learning python. I watched the videos and reviewed but struggled to retain the more 
  complicated things. I also had a short-term goal of making my second website function without assistance but ended up requiring your help to get it working correctly. 
  I have also failed my goal of being able to solely focus on this class while working on it. My life was introducing innumerable difficulties which I struggled to overcome.
  Through these failures, however, I have been able to learn where my knowledge ends instead of thinking I know more than I do. I was able to figure out I need to apply more
  testing of myself before I can say I have learned anything. This can be applied to any number of my classes I am taking or will be taking. To address this issue,  I intend 
  to try more things independently to ensure I have truly learned and can apply what I think I know. Furthermore, through seeking your help I have been able to take away 
  seeking help is okay and should not be viewed so negatively like how my mind perceives. 
	Regarding JMU’s mission statement I feel more educated but not enlightened. I have a far greater understanding and appreciation for all the work which goes into making 
  everything on a computer and internet work. Even as I write this, I am considering all I am doing is pressing buttons on top of a thin circuit board which then sends a 
  string of zeros and ones to the computer. The computer then interprets the input and determines which letter to output and then display on the screen; all of this happens 
  faster than I can let go of the letter whilst typing. I am also far more familiar with the error messages like failure to recall and programs crashing than I would like
  to be but through those experiences I have learned. I understand now just how fussy programming really is. I am hopeful I will be able to apply this experience as I move
  forward in my career as an environmental engineer. With time and more practice, I can see myself writing programs to assist me in my work which will result in more
  productivity. 
	The activities I have undertaken during the semester have not had any major impacts on knowing myself or what I want to do in the future. I am still struggling with 
  those questions myself due to a lot of mental health issues resulting from my upbringing and developmental style. I am getting help from counselors and psychiatrists
  to address those issues. The only thing which has resulted from this class is learning I do have the ability to write programs and could pursue it if I end up going
  that route in the future once I figure myself out more. 
	Overall, for this course I would like to receive an A in the class but realize this is probably not the case. I tried to the best of my ability to learn and complete 
  everything I could but struggled a lot and am still unable to say I learned how to use python completely. As a result, I feel more like a B should be reported. 
